(instrumental music)
In order to prevent Soma
from victimizing anyone else,
let's make sure that
the wedding ritual
goes off without a hitch.
Yes.
(chuckles)
Miss Remon!
(Opening Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
(instrumental music)
And finally, we'll
proceed with the ritual
to cut the stone's horns and
seal Soma away once again.
(strange music)
(strange growling)
These are Lady Kuen's swords,
used against Soma
for generations.
All right, now, please take
them and cut off its horns.
(strange music)
(loud blast)
Lord Kankitsu!
What have you done? Now
we're never going to be able
to seal Soma away ever again.
What are you doing?
(strange growling)
This can't be!
Miss Remon!
Mr. Konohamaru!
(strange roaring)
Damn it! Kankitsu,
why'd you do it?
And with that, I have
fulfilled my duty.
What is going on?
(strange roaring)
Seriously?
Soma will be resurrected.
(strange music)
Oh, no...
No, this...
can't be!
(strange roaring)
[Konohamaru] Hey,
are you all right?
Mr. Konohamaru!
Damn it! Wind Style Gale Palm!
Guess ninjutsu
doesn't work either.
(angry growl)
Did Soma just eat
their memories?
Damn it! Boruto!
Get everybody out
of here. Quick.
I'll stop Soma!
Big Bro!
Hurry!
Right!
Come on, hurry, get outside.
You too, Miss Remon!
We've gotta go!
Bring it!
(angry roaring)
What just?
No, you don't.
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Here goes! Sealing
Jutsu, Triangle Seal!
(angry roaring)
That's amazing!
Did it work?
(angry roaring)
I really thought that
Gramps' Sealing Jutsu
was going to work,
but it seems like
it's only going
to limit Soma's
movements temporarily.
No way!
(angry roaring)
Miss Remon, are you injured?
No, I'm all right.
Mr. Konohamaru, what
am I going to do now?
Well, first of all, let's
just get out of here.
Then we can regroup and
come up with a strategy
to beat this Soma creature.
(angry roaring)
Where am I?
Lord Kankitsu!
What have I done?
But why? Why would I
even try to revive Soma?
From the looks of it,
I'd say that Soma
was controlling you.
So it completely makes sense
that you were acting like
a totally different person.
But when did Soma
get ahold of you?
I believe it was when
I went to the Yoimura household
to set the date for
the wedding ritual.
(slow music)
I heard someone
calling out to me.
Before I realized it, I was
in front of the Soma Rock.
I touched the stone and I...
This is terrible!
Just what have I done?
Forget wallowing in guilt!
Let's figure out how
to bring Soma down!
Because physical attacks
and ninjutsu aren't working!
There's something that
puzzles me about that...
In the cave earlier,
when Soma approached me, it
moved as if it were scared.
It seemed scared?
Yes, but... what could
it have been afraid of?
Once we know that, we'll
know how to beat it.
As far as I know,
all that it fears
is the hair clip that Lady
Kuen used against it long ago.
(slow music)
Why do you have
that, Mr. Konohamaru?
Kankitsu was gonna try
to break it earlier,
so I took it with me.
Now that we have this,
we may be able to do
something about Soma.
We can still seal Soma
away, inside of my own body.
Please, just wait!
If you do that, Miss
Remon, then you'll be...
What's he mean by that?
Well, back when Lady
Kuen was attempting
to subjugate Soma...
(heavy breathing)
(growling)
Her body became
possessed by Soma.
Using the power of the jutsu
woven into the hair clip,
she sealed Soma inside her body
so that it couldn't escape.
Once Soma's horns
have materialized,
we'll be able to cut them
off and bring it down.
That hair clip is
really that powerful!
Only a member of
the Yoimura Clan
is able to use the hair clip
to seal Soma inside
of their body.
Although...
Is there a risk to
this plan of yours?
Lady Kuen was able to
successfully seal Soma away
inside her body.
However...
...as a result of that, it
consumed every memory she had.
... as a result of that, it
After Soma's trapped inside,
all that's left is to
cut off its horn...
But Soma put up a fight
inside Lady Kuen's body
and devoured her memories.
With her memories lost,
she even began to
forget who she was.
Despite that, Lady Kuen
managed to cut off Soma's horn.
But only one of them.
(frustrated roaring)
Along with help from her clan,
she was able to seal
Soma inside the rock.
(instrumental music)
But still, Lady Kuen never
regained her memories afterward.
But the hair clip.
I thought you said that
it protects your memories.
Isn't that right?
Not even that can suppress
Soma once it's inside the body.
But this is the
only way to stop it.
Big Bro, can't you come
up with anything else?
(angry roaring)
The Sealing Jutsu's
about to break!
I have an idea I'd like to try!
(angry roar)
All right! Come and get us!
(angry growl)
Summoning!
I was just thinkin'
that it's been a while
since I was summoned...
...but this is just
another annoying scenario.
Argh.
Oh, come on. Don't
say that, Enra!
Wait, I've never seen
that Summoning before!
Neither ninjutsu nor
physical attacks work on it.
It's a monster that
devours people's memories.
(attacking roar)
Mmmhh... Sarutobi...
...y'know the fable
about the monkey
who tried to catch the moon?
Sometimes there are things
beyond one's abilities.
Hey, you talk too much.
Enra, let's do that.
Yeah, yeah, you wanna
do that, huh? Transform
(angry roaring)
Boruto! Is everything ready?
Oh, yeah.
We're good to go!
(wary growl)
All right, now just stand back.
(eager roar)
Let's go, Enra! Now!
[Enra] Right!
(attacking growl)
Combined Sealing.
Monkey-Sun Suppression
(angry roar)
Awesome!
(struggling roars)
I knew it! You don't
have enough chakra!
C'mon, focus!
Yeah, I know.
Big Bro!
(angry straining roar)
That's as far as I can go.
Damn it!
Ugh.
(attacking roar)
I'm all out of chakra...
Mr. Konohamaru...
...thank you for everything.
(growling)
No! You won't escape!
(Remon cries)
Miss Remon!
I've managed... to seal him.
Mr. Konohamaru!
Please hurry, the horns!
(Remon yells)
Hold on, what am
I even doing here?
Oh, no. Miss Remon's memories...
some are starting to eat them!
Oh, uh..
Who are you?
When I first met you,
I thought you were just an
ordinary young noblewoman.
(Remon yells)
But in the end...
you chose to harden
your resolve...
...and confronted Soma for
the sake of your people.
You're a strong and
beautiful woman.
N-No! Just stay back!
(sad music)
You're amazing, Miss Remon!
And meeting you is...
...something I'll...
...never forget!
(soft music)
(angry roaring)
Are those all the
memories it ate?
Big Bro...
Miss Remon!
Lady Remon!
Who are you two? Do I know you?
Oh, my! How sad...
And, uh...
who am I?
You are Remon Yoimura. And
I am Kankitsu Akitsuki.
I am Remon Yoimura?
Yes, and you're the one
who saved Daidai Village.
So uh...
Are you sure you don't wanna
see Miss Remon before we go?
I am.
But why not?
This could be your
last chance to tell her
how you feel about her.
Hey...
...I guess it just
wasn't my time yet.
Some things you just understand
without even putting
them into words.
You'll get it one day.
[Remon] Lord Kankitsu...?
Would you like to
have some lunch?
You've always loved sour
foods, so you'll love these.
(piano music)
Super sour!
But so delicious!
I'm glad that you like it.
I haven't seen you
smile in so long.
I never even knew something
so delicious existed.
This is such a nice surprise!
Oh, my...
Miss Remon?
This is so strange.
I've never eaten this before...
...but it tastes so nostalgic.
(soft music)
Big Bro!
Listen, I've been
doing some thinking.
I still don't get, what it
means to understand stuff
without putting it into words,
But you know Big Bro, I kinda
think of you as my cool,
trusty older brother, ya know!
Boruto!
Well, I guess your Ninja
Way will be your girlfriend
for a long time!
What? Hey, Boruto!
(soft music)
Super sour!
Hey, it really is sour.
(Closing Theme Music)
(Singing in Japanese)
When is Sasuke
gonna help me train?
You mean that you still
haven't heard from him?
You did ask him to
train you, right?
You really think my dad
is gonna keep his promise?
Although, if he had the
time, I wish he'd come by.
Is that? It's Sasuke's hawk!
He replied!
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
"With Sasuke As the Goal"
Please wait there, Sasuke!
I'm gonna come and
see you right away!
(Closing Theme Music)